In India, no matter how successful
your career becomes,
there's only one real promotion.
Get married already.
The clock's ticking for Salma
but there's still hope for a miracle.
Have you ever checked
your son's flame?
Or has it gone cold?
-Aren't you ashamed?
-Why would I be?
Am I standing here naked?
You're middle-aged
and still checking out girls!
Who are you calling middle-aged?
Are you some teenager yourself?
I'm about ten or twelve
years younger than you.
I believe in open relationships.
No one to answer to...
...and no explanations required.
You're extremely beautiful.
So, are you planning to get married?
Try the hazelnut crappuccino here.
-Very tasty.
-Get two frappuccinos.
There was a time when marriage
wasn't written in my fate,
and now I'm headed for an
arranged marriage in Lucknow.
And love in London.
Are you in love?
You don't want the guy
right in front of you,
and the one outside
is flirting with thin air!
Salma!
So who were you staring at, your mother?
-You pervert!
-Control yourself, old man!
Talking back?
-When's the wedding?
-Today.
Today...
Were you asleep till now?
Earlier, you couldn't find even one,
and now two are after you!
Well, at least
you'll get to be an uncle.
Stop!
Move aside. Let them pass.
This is the wedding
of Salma and Sikander.
But this is our brother's wedding!
But who's the bride?
-Salma Rizvi!
-Darn you!
I don't understand what to do now.
When a fortress
stays locked for years,
someone will need to mount it, right?